Adding documentation for Content Security Policy and new Struts tags (#2)
salcho/struts-site: source/security/index.md

This mechanism was introduced in version 2.5. It allows control what methods can be accessed with the bang "!" operator 
via [Dynamic Method Invocation](../core-developers/action-configuration.html#dynamic-method-invocation). Please read 
more in the Strict Method Invocation section of [Action Configuration](../core-developers/action-configuration.html).

### Content Security Policy

[Content Security Policy](https://csp.withgoogle.com/docs/index.html) is a mitigation against XSS and CSS injection attacks. The recommended way to use CSP is to implement strict CSP.

> CSP is enabled by setting the `Content-Security-Policy` or `Content-Security-Policy-Report-Only` HTTP response headers, based on whether it’s in enforcing or reporting mode, respectively. In enforcing mode, any event that violates the policy is not executed and if the policy specifies  a `reportUri` a JSON object with the details of the CSP violation is sent to the specified endpoint. In reporting mode, the event is executed normally and a CSP report is being sent to the defined `reportUri`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CSP is enabled by setting the `Content-Security-Policy` or `Content-Security-Policy-Report-Only` HTTP response headers, based on whether it’s in enforcing or reporting mode, respectively. In enforcing mode, scripts that violate the policy won't be executed and, if the `reportUri` directive is set, a violation report will be sent to it. In reporting mode, all scripts are allowed to executed with violation reports sent to the defined `reportUri`.
```

> CSP comes in many flavors, but the policy we chose to implement is a nonce-based strict-dynamic CSP, which is the most robust policy. This policy requires the browser to check that all scripts have the valid nonce value (which is included in the response header generated by the server) before running them. This ensures that a malicious script not approved (by attaching the nonce value) by the server will not run, thus protecting against XSS attacks. With each response, a new nonce value is generated, so adopting CSP requires implementing a mechanism that automatically attaches the valid nonce value to all `script, link` blocks. Strict CSP also blocks any inline event handlers (`onclick` etc.) and `javascript:` URIs, so adopting this policy requires refactoring by the developers if these were in use. The default recommended policy used is as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Struts provides a nonce-based, strict-dynamic Content Security Policy. Policies of this type require scripts to have a nonce value that is checked by the browser at runtime. Scripts that have a nonce value that doesn't match that of the policy will be rejected by the policy. This prevents malicious scripts from running as long as an attacker doesn't know the unique nonce. In Struts, a new nonce is generated on each request and attached to every `<script>` and `<link>` element. By default, Struts' CSP blocks any inline event handlers (`onclick` etc.) and `javascript:` URIs, so adopting this policy requires refactoring these into script blocks or relaxing the policy by adding the `unsafe-inline` directive value. The default policy used is as follows:
```

```
Content-Security-Policy:
  object-src 'none';
  script-src 'nonce-{random}' 'strict-dynamic' https: http:;
  base-uri 'none';
  report-uri https://your-report-collector.example.com/csp-report
```

> The specified policy includes a `report-uri` directive. This should not be confused with the report-only and enforcing modes of CSP. In both modes, if the `report-uri` is specified, the browser will send a JSON blob containing details about the violation as a POST request to the specified `report-uri`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the specified policy doesn't include a `report-uri` directive, but this field can be set on the `CspInterceptor`. In both enforcing and reporting modes, if a `report-uri` is specified, the browser will send violation reports containing details about the runtime of the violation to the specified `report-uri`.
```

> ```

Reviewer: let's add a line preceding this code block that says that this is a sample report

{ "csp-report": {
"document-uri":"http://localhost:8080/maven-example/searchForm.action",
"referrer":"http://localhost:8080/maven-example/search",
"violated-directive":"script-src-elem",
"effective-directive":"script-src-elem",
"original-policy":"object-src 'none'; script-src 'nonce-ryxoOreH2A9wuoB-gQr7S6ta' 'strict-dynamic' http: https:; base-uri 'none'; report-uri /csp-reports",
"disposition":"report","blocked-uri":"inline","line-number":8,"source-file":"http://localhost:8080/maven-example/searchForm.action",
"status-code":200,
"script-sample":""}
}
```

> If a report-uri is not specified developers can see the violation in the dev tools of their browser. Reporting is an important aspect of adopting CSP, because the strict-dynamic CSP we’re proposing may break parts of an application (like using inline event handlers etc.) and need refactoring. Not having access to accurate CSP reports to know what is causing a violation will make developers less likely to adopt CSP. An example CSP report of a violation for a script block without a valid nonce-value looks like the above block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Regardless of whether a report URI is specified, violation are always shown on DevTools. Reporting is an important aspect of adopting CSP because restrictive policies might require refactoring of existing dangerous code patterns (like  inline event handlers) before the policy can be set to enforcement mode. Developers are encouraged to set a report URI and examine violation reports before enforcing their policies.
```

> CSP is now supported in all major browsers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CSP is supported by all major browsers.
```

Struts provides a nonce-based, strict-dynamic Content Security Policy. Policies of this type require scripts and stylesheets to have a nonce value that is checked by the browser at runtime. Scripts and stylesheets that have a nonce value that doesn't match that of the policy will be rejected by the policy. This prevents malicious scripts from running as long as an attacker doesn't know the unique nonce. In Struts, a new nonce is generated on each request and attached to every `<script>` and `<link>` element. By default, Struts' CSP blocks any inline event handlers (`onclick` etc.) and `javascript:` URIs, so adopting this policy requires refactoring these into script blocks or relaxing the policy by adding the `unsafe-inline` directive value. The default policy used is as follows:

> 

Reviewer: the policy disappeared from here! xD

> This is a samle CSP report:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a sample CSP report:
```

> ```

Reviewer: sorry, the sample report disappeared!

Author: Damn merge conflicts

Content-Security-Policy:
  object-src 'none';
  script-src 'nonce-{random}' 'strict-dynamic' https: http:;
  base-uri 'none';
  report-uri https://your-report-collector.example.com/csp-report
```

By default, the specified policy doesn't include a `report-uri` directive, but this field can be set on the `CspInterceptor`. In both enforcing and reporting modes, if a `report-uri` is specified, the browser will send violation reports containing details about the runtime of the violation to the specified `report-uri`.

```
{ "csp-report": {
"document-uri":"http://localhost:8080/maven-example/searchForm.action",
"referrer":"http://localhost:8080/maven-example/search",
"violated-directive":"script-src-elem",
"effective-directive":"script-src-elem",
"original-policy":"object-src 'none'; script-src 'nonce-ryxoOreH2A9wuoB-gQr7S6ta' 'strict-dynamic' http: https:; base-uri 'none'; report-uri /csp-reports",
"disposition":"report","blocked-uri":"inline","line-number":8,"source-file":"http://localhost:8080/maven-example/searchForm.action",
"status-code":200,
"script-sample":""}
}
```

> Regardless of whether a report URI is specified, violation are always shown on DevTools. Reporting is an important aspect of adopting CSP because restrictive policies might require refactoring of existing dangerous code patterns (like  inline event handlers) before the policy can be set to enforcement mode. Developers are encouraged to set a report URI and examine violation reports before enforcing their policies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Regardless of whether a report URI is specified, violation are always shown on DevTools. Reporting is an important aspect of adopting CSP because restrictive policies might require refactoring of existing dangerous code patterns (like inline event handlers) before the policy can be set to enforcement mode. Developers are encouraged to set a report URI and examine violation reports before enforcing their policies.
```
